{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red27\green97\blue161;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red53\green53\blue53;\red29\green29\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26494\c26499\c26494;\cssrgb\c12157\c46275\c69412;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margt1598
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Redesign proposal of  The Florida Energy Systems Consortium website @ {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/"}}{\fldrslt http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 \'a0(Links to an external site.)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Objectives/purpose of redesign\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 The purpose of the redesign is to update the current design of the website into a modern, user friendly, content based, easily accessible responsive and mobile website.\
\
Some things that may be taken into consideration are : company overview, target market, competition (?) and functionality.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Current Site\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Accessibility Audit\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Tools used: Google Chrome Accessibility Tool \
\
In checking the homepage using the Google Chrome Accessibility tool and checking against the three conformance levels defined in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WGAG) 2.) the homepage produced  the following \'93grades\'94.\
\
Level A Conformance = 11\
Level A AA Conformance = 14\
Level A AA AAA Conformance = 17\
\
Some of the issues are:\
Home Page : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/}}\
 \
Instances of images with no attribute (5)\
Presentational attributes are used instead of CSS (18)\
HTML5 and WAI-ARIA landmarks are used but not all content is used(6)\
Contract is not sufficient (9)\
Images containing text (24)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/energy-research/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/energy-research/}}\
Images links to do not have al text (3)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/contact-us/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/contact-us/}}\
Non-distinguishable links (165)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Mobile Friendliness\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Tools used: Google Chrome Developer Tool - Devices\
\
Looking at the site overall, one can see that the site is not responsive for the most part. Pages do not resize, images are all the same size, some even smaller and in most pages, the font is way too small to make content readable. In some cases, content is even cut off. \
\
\
Some examples:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Galaxy S5 (360x640) - text too small to read. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Portrait - text too small to read\
Landscape - text not as small, seems easier to read.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Pixel 2 (411x731)\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4  \
Portrait - font too small to read, footer cut off.\
Landscape - font too small.\
\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Pixel 2XL (823x411), iPhone 6/7/8 Plus (414x736)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Font too small, pages do not scroll all the way down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 iPhone X (812x375)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Portrait - font too small, pages do not scroll all the way down,.\
Landscape - right side margin too wide, font a tad larger thus more readable. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Performance (how quickly does it load?)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Tools used: Google Chrome Developer Tools\
\
In analyzing runtime performance on the home page ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://floridaenergy.ufl.edu/}} ) we see:\
Range :883ms-3.18s\
Loading: 140.8ms\
Scripting: 1589.9ms\
Render: 57.0ms\
Paint: 23.8\
Other: 255.3\
Idle: 234.1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 The results for the web page performance test using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.webpagetest.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://www.webpagetest.org/}} for Chrome with Cable in Orlando, FL are:\
\
First Byte Time F\
Keep-Alive enabled A\
Compress Transfer A\
Compress Images C\
Cache Static Content F\
Effective Use of CDN X\
\
Load time: 4.184 s\
First Byte: 0.853s \
Start render: 1.533s\
Speed Index: 237\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Document Complete\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Time: 4.184s\
Requests: 60\
Bytes In: 1,255kb\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Fully Loaded:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Time: 4.264s\
Requests: 61\
Bytes In: 1,256kb\
Cost : $$\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Functionality (does it work?)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 Top Navigation\
\pard\tx20\tx245\pardeftab720\li245\fi-246\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Home Page\
\pard\tx540\tx785\pardeftab720\li785\fi-786\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl3\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Facebook link works but not updated since 2016\
\ls1\ilvl3\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Twitter link works but not updated since 2016.\
\ls1\ilvl3\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 LinkedIn link does not work but redirect to a .png image of the logo.\
\pard\tx20\tx327\pardeftab720\li327\fi-328\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36\fsmilli18000 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs30 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Sitemap Page \'97 the page is blank\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36\fsmilli18000 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs30 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Footer Links - all work\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36\fsmilli18000 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs30 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Broken links either  user gets an error or pages are not updated.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36\fsmilli18000 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs30 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Map link positioned on the bottom of the page and in small font.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
Overall the site does not feel as one cohesive site. Nor does it feel like it was made by a designer and that the layout of the site was not really thought through in terms of margins and padding . I feel it is a site designed by someone like me and by that I mean someone with minimal skills or just enough skills to produce a website. 		\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Ease of use (is it pleasant to use?)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Not a very friendly user website overall. I feel that if the colors were more standardized and consistent the user might have a better feel on how to navigate the site.  The side nav seems to be loaded with information on some pages and the to-nag bar feels empty on not used to its full potential.  On some pages, there is a feeling of information overload and the content feels disorganized. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 User research (who are expected users? What do they want to accomplish?)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Who - Mostly adults ages 25 and up\
Employment - Either students, professionals or young professionals\
Location - most likely in the southern part of the United State but national and international as well.\
Background - \
Education - BA/MA/PHD Degrees\
Language - English but may have some non native speakers of the English language\
Gender - a larger percentage of males over females (60% vs 30%) \
Why use site -  either to gather information, learn of industry updates, attend conferences, future employment, interest in the industry for current student\
Computer Skill Level - computer literate but not computer experts\
Devices used - laptops, desktops, mobile devices, tablets\
Connection used - Cable, DSL, Wi-Fi, \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 Device support necessary (Mobile Accessibility)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 Devices (no more than 5 years old)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Mobile phones - iOS , Android\
Laptops - Mac, Windows\
Desktops - Mac, Windows\
Tablets - iOS , Android\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Browsers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Safari\
Mozilla Firefox\
Internet Explorer\
Opera\
Chrome\
Edge\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \ulnone \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\
Recommendations:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 Responsiveness -\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4   the site must be made more responsive for all devices. A decision needs to be made on how this is done, choices might be using flexbox, Boostrap or Css Floats. Maybe we need to visually show how the site responds to different sizes by presenting the different break points. \
\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Content\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 First we need to decide what 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 content
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  needs to be on the site and in what format and create a wireframe. Also, we need to agree on new 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 colors
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  of the site and see how the 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 logo
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  fits into that. Is there an option to change the colors of the logo? Is that a corporate decision? Once we have that we can decide on a site map and how many pages the site will have. \
\
Another thing we need to decide on is the over abundance of 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 links.
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  Are they all necessary and if not which ones are needed to navigate the site itself? \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Design\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4  - \
The 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 font size
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  on headings and key points on the site need to be made larger so they can be found easier. A 
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 new color scheme
\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  or palette must be used to create a more cohesive site also as well as for the foreground and background colors. Also, stylistically once content hierarchy is decided some styles may be applied to make some information easier to find or stand out. \
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
Nav \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 A new navigation system needs to be created. It should be quick and easy to read and users should be able to guess what they might find there, possible using single descriptive words. The primary navigation should deal with content and sections of the site and it should be distinct from other pages on the site and consistent. Another option would be to introduce a second navigation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
Images\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Images need be made all the same size and be able to be rendered in different sizes depending how the page is viewed (different size devices). Another option is to create an image gallery so as it take up less space on the site itself and make the site lighter. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  \
\
Misc Items\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Alt tags,  links, (internal, external, etc)\
Search box needs to be moved into the site. \
More modern icons, make them larger as well.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Hosting and Servers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Maybe it is time to think about having our own server and domain and have more control of the site instead of Wordpress and also find a team who will maintain the site should problems arise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ulc4 \strokec4 Deliverables- each with description & acceptance terms)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Week 1 Wireframe of the site with new colors applied and possible redesign of new logo\
\
Week 2 Site map, with number of pages. Produce a suggested site map so as to decide what needs to be on the site and how many pages the site will contain. That way, it can be broken up later in pieces so at to tackle one by one.\
\
Week 3 Font type, font size, icons. - Choose type, size colors icons. Also produce a new navigation for the site with a possible second one. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Week 4. Resize images, label and add alt tags. Also create images for various sizes (Srcset),  also look at all links, make sure they are labeled properly and function. \
\
Week 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 - Start placing content into place, once who does what pages is decided. \
\
Week 10 - Once content is placed, present current site and test its responsiveness and await for feedback. Depending on feedback we moved ahead or backtrack or fix what was not accepted. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Conclusion\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 As one can see the site needs to be completely redesigned. There is a lot of work to be done but mainly decisions must be made for now and for the future in terms of maintaining the site. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf6 \ulnone \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec6 \
\
\
\
\
\
}